[Style Guide] Content Strategy (#9846)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/content-strategy/_index.md

+ Create and document standard templates to streamline content creation
+ Document specific content types to help identify customers specific needs
+ Enable life cycle management in an effort to maintain and optimize a smaller set of pages
+ Suggest easier navigation paths

Strategically speaking, the mission and guiding principles translate into the following initiatives:

+ Improve the entire ecosystem of customer-facing product content, placing major emphasis on consistency, quality, accuracy, and timeliness
+ Create a cohesive and compelling story around our products and their functionality
+ Develop content that increases product adoption, deflects support, and makes customers successful
+ Partner with various internal departments and stakeholders in creating and sustaining a rich, consistent content experience across all Cloudflare products
+ Devise new and better ways to give users the information they need, when and where they need it

## Purpose statements

For each purpose statement, the documentation team will define the approach to solve the content problem for a product. This approach includes:

> + Information architecture
>     + Where content should live on the site
>     + Linking strategy
> + Content
>     + What content is included and what is optional
>     + How the content is written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Information architecture
    + Where content should live on the site
    + Linking strategy
### Content
    + What content is included and what is optional
    + How the content is written
```
wdyt?

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Content strategy
weight: 2

---

# Content strategy overview

> Content strategy means using the right tool for the job. Cloudflare Docs will provide the most effective content types that serve a customer-focused purpose. Adoption of this content strategy will be impacted by product releases, resourcing, and company goals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Content strategy means using the right tool for the job. Cloudflare's documentation will provide the most effective content types that serve a customer-focused purpose. Adoption of this content strategy will be impacted by product releases, resourcing, and company goals.
```

The purpose of Cloudflare's developer documentation content strategy is to:

+ Create and document standard templates to streamline content creation
+ Document specific content types to help identify customers specific needs
+ Enable life cycle management in an effort to maintain and optimize a smaller set of pages
+ Suggest easier navigation paths

Strategically speaking, the mission and guiding principles translate into the following initiatives:

+ Improve the entire ecosystem of customer-facing product content, placing major emphasis on consistency, quality, accuracy, and timeliness
+ Create a cohesive and compelling story around our products and their functionality
+ Develop content that increases product adoption, deflects support, and makes customers successful
+ Partner with various internal departments and stakeholders in creating and sustaining a rich, consistent content experience across all Cloudflare products
+ Devise new and better ways to give users the information they need, when and where they need it

> Refer to the Technical Writing section for lower-level details about the content strategy and implementation.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove this line. The Technical Writing section is team specific and not included so we can remove.
